How many Muslims live in Kerala?
Count the number of Hindi speakers in Uttar Pradesh.
How many Christians live in rural areas compared to urban areas in Goa?
What are the top 3 most spoken languages in Karnataka?
Which religious group has the highest literacy rate across India?
How many women list Tamil as their main language in Tamil Nadu?
Find the total number of Jains in Maharashtra who aren't working.
How many villagers in West Bengal speak Bengali?
Which state has a larger Sikh population: Punjab or Haryana?
What is the difference between male and female literacy numbers for Hindus in India?
Which states have the biggest population overall? Rank them from highest to lowest.
Where do most rural people live? Show me the top 5 states.
Which states have the largest urban population? Give me the top 5.
Which states have more women than men overall?
Is the gender balance different in villages compared to cities? Show states where rural and urban sex ratios differ a lot.
Which age groups make up most of India’s population? Show the top 3.
How does the population break down by age in each state for rural and urban areas?
Where do most young children live in rural areas? Show the state with the highest number of kids aged 0–6.
In each state, what percentage of the population is female?
In rural areas, which age group dominates each state’s population?
Which states have more people living in cities than villages?
In which states do villages have a much larger population than cities?
Which state has the highest number of men overall?
Which state has the highest number of women overall?
Where is the gender gap the biggest overall?
Which states have a very young population compared to older people?
Which states have a large elderly population?
In urban areas, which states have the highest population?
In rural areas, which states have the highest population?
Which states have a more balanced population between men and women?
Which states have the smallest population overall?
Which states are mostly rural in terms of population?
Which states are mostly urban in terms of population?
Where do more women live than men in villages?
Where do more women live than men in cities?
Which states have a high number of children overall?
Which states have fewer elderly people compared to others?
In which states is the rural population much higher than the urban population?
In which states is the urban population much higher than the rural population?
Which states have almost the same number of men and women?
Which states have the lowest rural population?
Which states have the lowest urban population?
Where do most elderly people live?
Which states have more elderly people than children?
Which states have a higher male population in cities?
Which states have a higher female population in villages?
In which states do cities dominate the population the most?
In which states do villages dominate the population the most?
Which states have the highest population of working-age people?
Which states have very small differences between rural and urban population sizes?
Which states have the highest rural population overall?
Which states have the highest urban population overall?
Where is the difference between male and female population the smallest?
Which states have a very high number of women compared to men?
Which states have a very high number of men compared to women?
Which states have a large share of children in their population?
Which states have a large share of elderly people?
Which states have more people living in rural areas than urban areas?
Which states have more people living in urban areas than rural areas?
Which states have a fairly even split between rural and urban population?
Which states have the highest total population when rural and urban are combined?
Which states have very low population in villages?
Which states have very low population in cities?
Where is the female population much higher than the male population?
Where is the male population much higher than the female population?
Which states have a large number of teenagers?
Which states have very few children?
Which states have a very large working-age population?
Which states have a very small working-age population?
Which states have almost the same population in rural and urban areas?
Which states have the most people living in villages?
Which states have the most people living in cities?
Where is the rural population much bigger than the urban population?
Where is the urban population much bigger than the rural population?
Which states have the smallest total population?
Which states have the smallest number of women?
Which states have the smallest number of men?
Which states have a very high number of children compared to others?
Which states have very few teenagers?
Which states have a very high elderly population compared to others?
Which states grow a lot of crops for a relatively small population?
Which states have very high population pressure on agricultural land?
Which states produce less crops even with large cultivated area?
Which states feel overcrowded when you compare population to farming output?
Which states feel comfortable in terms of population and food production?
Which states have a lot of people but very little farming activity?
Which states have fewer people but strong farming activity?
Which states would struggle the most if farming output dropped?
Which states are least dependent on farming for their population size?
Which states produce enough crops for their population?
Which states produce too little crops for their population?
Which states look most sustainable based on people and farming?
Which states look least sustainable based on people and farming?
Which states have the highest total population overall?
Which states have the lowest total population overall?
Which states have more people living in rural areas than urban areas?
Which states have more people living in urban areas than rural areas?
Which states have the highest number of women overall?
Which states have the highest number of men overall?
Which states have the largest gender gap in population?
Which states have the highest population of young children?
Which states have the highest population of elderly people?
Which states have the most balanced male and female population?
Which states have the highest rural population?
Which states have the highest urban population?
Which states have the lowest rural population?
Which states have the lowest urban population?
Which states have the highest percentage of women?
Which states have the highest percentage of men?
Which states have the highest population of teenagers?
Which states have the lowest population of teenagers?
Which states have the highest working-age population?
Which states have the lowest working-age population?
Which states have a larger rural population than urban population?
Which states have a larger urban population than rural population?
Which states have the most balanced rural and urban populations?
Which states have the biggest difference between rural and urban population?
Which states have the highest child population compared to total population?
Which states have the lowest child population compared to total population?
Which states have the highest elderly population compared to total population?
Which states have the lowest elderly population compared to total population?
Which states have a high dependency ratio (children and elderly together)?
Which states have a low dependency ratio?
Which states have the highest total population density across age groups?
Which states have the lowest total population density across age groups?
Which states have the highest share of rural population?
Which states have the lowest share of rural population?
Which states have the highest share of urban population?
Which states have the lowest share of urban population?
Which states have a very young population overall?
Which states have a very old population overall?
Which states have the smallest gender imbalance?
Which states have the largest gender imbalance?
Which crops have the largest area sown in 2025-26?
Which crops have the smallest area sown in 2025-26?
Which crops saw the biggest increase in area compared to last year?
Which crops saw the biggest decrease in area compared to last year?
Which crops had almost no change in area compared to last year?
Which crops expanded their area significantly in 2025-26?
Which crops reduced their area significantly in 2025-26?
Which crops dominate agricultural land usage nationally?
Which crops use very little agricultural land nationally?
Which crops experienced stable cultivation patterns year over year?
Which states have the highest total female population?
Which states have the highest total male population?
Which states have the lowest total population overall?
Which states have the highest share of children in their population?
Which states have the highest share of elderly in their population?
Which states have the most balanced rural and urban populations?
Which states have the most imbalanced rural and urban populations?
