Which states have the biggest population overall? Rank them from highest to lowest.
Where do most rural people live? Show me the top 5 states.
Which states have the largest urban population? Give me the top 5.
Which states have more women than men overall?
Is the gender balance different in villages compared to cities? Show states where rural and urban sex ratios differ a lot.
Which age groups make up most of India’s population? Show the top 3.
How does the population break down by age in each state for rural and urban areas?
Where do most young children live in rural areas? Show the state with the highest number of kids aged 0–6.
In each state, what percentage of the population is female?
In rural areas, which age group dominates each state’s population?
Which states have more people living in cities than villages?
In which states do villages have a much larger population than cities?
Which state has the highest number of men overall?
Which state has the highest number of women overall?
Where is the gender gap the biggest overall?
Which states have a very young population compared to older people?
Which states have a large elderly population?
In urban areas, which states have the highest population?
In rural areas, which states have the highest population?
Which states have a more balanced population between men and women?
Which states have the smallest population overall?
Which states are mostly rural in terms of population?
Which states are mostly urban in terms of population?
Where do more women live than men in villages?
Where do more women live than men in cities?
Which states have a high number of children overall?
Which states have fewer elderly people compared to others?
In which states is the rural population much higher than the urban population?
In which states is the urban population much higher than the rural population?
Which states have almost the same number of men and women?
Which states have the lowest rural population?
Which states have the lowest urban population?
Where do most elderly people live?
Which states have more elderly people than children?
Which states have a higher male population in cities?
Which states have a higher female population in villages?
In which states do cities dominate the population the most?
In which states do villages dominate the population the most?
Which states have the highest population of working-age people?
Which states have very small differences between rural and urban population sizes?
Which states have the highest rural population overall?
Which states have the highest urban population overall?
Where is the difference between male and female population the smallest?
Which states have a very high number of women compared to men?
Which states have a very high number of men compared to women?
Which states have a large share of children in their population?
Which states have a large share of elderly people?
Which states have more people living in rural areas than urban areas?
Which states have more people living in urban areas than rural areas?
Which states have a fairly even split between rural and urban population?
Which states have the highest total population when rural and urban are combined?
Which states have very low population in villages?
Which states have very low population in cities?
Where is the female population much higher than the male population?
Where is the male population much higher than the female population?
Which states have a large number of teenagers?
Which states have very few children?
Which states have a very large working-age population?
Which states have a very small working-age population?
Which states have almost the same population in rural and urban areas?
Which states have the most people living in villages?
Which states have the most people living in cities?
Where is the rural population much bigger than the urban population?
Where is the urban population much bigger than the rural population?
Which states have the smallest total population?
Which states have the smallest number of women?
Which states have the smallest number of men?
Which states have a very high number of children compared to others?
Which states have very few teenagers?
Which states have a very high elderly population compared to others?
Which states have the highest number of women living in villages?
Which states have the highest number of men living in villages?
Which states have the highest number of women living in cities?
Which states have the highest number of men living in cities?
Which states have a very small elderly population?
Which states have a very small child population?
Which states have a very high population of adults?
Which states have very few adults?
Where is the population most evenly split between children, adults, and elderly?
Which states have the biggest difference between child and elderly population?
Which states have both a large population and high crop production?
Which states produce a lot of crops despite having a smaller population?
Where is crop production very high compared to population size?
Which states have large rural populations and also large crop production?
Which states have large urban populations but low crop production?
Which states have the highest crop production overall?
Which states have the largest area under cultivation?
Which states have high population but very little crop area?
Which states depend heavily on agriculture based on population size?
Which states have a good balance between population and crop production?
Which states grow a lot of crops for a relatively small population?
Which states have very high population pressure on agricultural land?
Where does each person get the most crop production on average?
Where does each person get the least crop production on average?
Which states have large rural populations but low crop area?
Which states have small rural populations but high crop area?
Which states produce a lot of crops mainly because of large cultivated area?
Which states produce less crops even with large cultivated area?
Which states seem more agriculture-focused based on population and crop data?
Which states seem less agriculture-focused compared to their population size?
Which crops are produced the most in India overall?
Which crops take up the most cultivated area in India?
For each crop, which state produces it the most?
For each crop, which state has the largest cultivated area for it?
Which states are super dependent on farming, like high rural population and high crop production?
Which states have huge city populations but still produce a lot of crops?
Which states have lots of rural people but low crop production?
Which crops are mostly produced in a few states rather than spread out?
Which states get the best crop yield overall?
Which states get the worst crop yield overall?
Which states grow a lot of crops mainly because they have a lot of rural population?
Which states have high crop production even though most people live in cities?
Which states have low crop production compared to their rural population size?
Which states use agricultural land very efficiently?
Which states waste agricultural land with low production?
Which states have the highest crop production per rural person?
Which states have the lowest crop production per rural person?
Which states rely more on farming compared to their population size?
Which states rely less on farming compared to their population size?
Which states have a strong balance between farming and population pressure?
Which states have very high crop production compared to their rural population?
Which states have very low crop production compared to their rural population?
Which states produce a lot of crops but have limited farmland?
Which states have a lot of farmland but low crop production?
Which states show strong farming output despite high population pressure?
Which states struggle to produce crops despite having low population pressure?
Which states get more crop output per hectare than others?
Which states get less crop output per hectare than others?
Which states depend more on farming than population size would suggest?
Which states depend less on farming compared to their population size?
Which states have high crop production mainly coming from rural areas?
Which states have high crop production even with small rural populations?
Which states have rural populations that rely heavily on farming?
Which states have rural populations that rely less on farming?
Which states have strong farming output despite being highly urbanized?
Which states have weak farming output despite being mostly rural?
Which states get the most crop output per rural person?
Which states get the least crop output per rural person?
Which states balance rural population size and crop production well?
Which states show a mismatch between rural population and crop production?
Which states feel overcrowded when you compare population to farming output?
Which states feel comfortable in terms of population and food production?
Which states have a lot of people but very little farming activity?
Which states have fewer people but strong farming activity?
Which states would struggle the most if farming output dropped?
Which states are least dependent on farming for their population size?
Which states produce enough crops for their population?
Which states produce too little crops for their population?
Which states look most sustainable based on people and farming?
Which states look least sustainable based on people and farming?
