Which state has the highest percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months)?
Which state has the lowest percentage of fully vaccinated children?
Which state has the highest prevalence of stunting in children under 5?
Which state has the lowest prevalence of wasting in children under 5?
Which state has the highest percentage of underweight children?
Which states have a higher percentage of underweight children than stunted children?
Which state has the highest percentage of institutional births?
Which states have institutional birth rates below 50%?
What is the average rate of institutional births in rural India?
Which state has the highest percentage of mothers who received at least 4 antenatal care visits?
Which states have antenatal care coverage below 30%?
Which state has the highest percentage of children breastfed within one hour of birth?
Is obesity more common in urban or rural India?
Which state has the largest gap in obesity rates between men and women?
Which states have more women with high blood sugar than men?
Which state has the highest percentage of women using hygienic methods during menstruation?
Which states have less than 50% of women using hygienic menstrual methods?
Which state has the highest percentage of households using clean fuel for cooking?
Which states have poor access to clean cooking fuel (below 20%)?
Which state has the highest percentage of households with electricity?
Which states have less than 80% electricity coverage?
Which state has the highest percentage of households with improved sanitation?
Which state has the lowest access to improved drinking water?
Which state has the highest female literacy rate?
What is the literacy gap between men and women in rural India?
Which state has the highest percentage of women married before age 18?
Which states have child marriage rates above 20%?
Which state has the highest percentage of men married before age 21?
Which state has the highest total fertility rate?
Which states have a fertility rate below 2.0?
Which state has the highest adolescent fertility rate (15-19 years)?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have ever used the internet?
Which state has the biggest digital divide between men and women regarding internet usage?
Which state has the highest percentage of women owning a house or land?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with a bank account?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with a mobile phone?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have experienced domestic violence?
Which state has the highest tobacco use among men?
Which state has the highest tobacco use among women?
Which state has the highest alcohol consumption among men?
Which states have alcohol consumption among men above 30%?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with diarrhoea in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with fever or ARI symptoms?
Which state has the highest percentage of children receiving an adequate diet?
Which state has the highest percentage of registered pregnancies receiving a Mother and Child Protection Card?
Which state has the highest percentage of C-section deliveries in private facilities?
Which state has the highest percentage of C-section deliveries in public facilities?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with comprehensive HIV knowledge?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with comprehensive HIV knowledge?
Which state has the highest percentage of households with health insurance?
Which state has the highest female anaemia percentage?
Which state has the lowest male anaemia percentage?
What is the average vaccination rate across all states?
Which states have vaccination rates below 70%?
Which state has the highest obesity rate?
Which state has the lowest obesity rate?
Which states have diabetes rates above 10%?
What is the average diabetes rate in urban areas?
What is the average diabetes rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest hypertension rate?
What is the average hypertension rate across all states?
Which states have hypertension rates above the national average?
What is the average female anaemia rate in rural areas?
What is the average female anaemia rate in urban areas?
Which states have male anaemia rates higher than female anaemia rates?
Which state has the biggest gap between female and male anaemia?
Which states have obesity rates above diabetes rates?
Which state has the lowest vaccination rate?
Which states have vaccination rates above 90%?
Which states have higher hypertension rates in rural areas than urban areas?
Which state has the highest combined anaemia burden?
Which states have obesity rates below 5%?
What is the average obesity rate in urban areas?
What is the average obesity rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest vaccination rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest vaccination rate in urban areas?
Which states have female anaemia rates above 50%?
Which states have male anaemia rates below 20%?
How many children in rural Bihar are fully vaccinated?
Which state has the highest number of people suffering from high blood pressure?
How many people in rural Uttar Pradesh have high blood pressure?
How many women in Kerala are anaemic?
How many children in urban Maharashtra are fully vaccinated?
How many people in urban Rajasthan are obese?
How many children in rural Odisha have not received any vaccines?
How many people in Punjab suffer from diabetes?
How many children in Bihar are underweight?
How many people live with diabetes in Kerala?
Is high blood pressure more common in cities or villages in Tamil Nadu?
How many women are anaemic in Maharashtra?
Which states have the most underweight children?
Which state has the highest percentage of literate women?
Which state has the lowest percentage of literate men?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with 10 or more years of schooling?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with 10 or more years of schooling?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with 10 or more years of schooling?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with 10 or more years of schooling?
What is the average female literacy rate in urban areas?
What is the average male literacy rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest percentage of children attending pre-primary school?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children attending pre-primary school?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who use the internet?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who use the internet?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who use the internet?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who use the internet?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with a birth certificate?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children with a birth certificate?
Which state has the highest percentage of deaths registered with civil authority?
Which state has the lowest percentage of deaths registered with civil authority?
Which state has the highest percentage of women using iodized salt?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women using iodized salt?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who are anaemic (all women)?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who are anaemic (all women)?
Which state has the highest percentage of pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the lowest percentage of pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the highest percentage of non-pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the lowest percentage of non-pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who are anaemic?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who are anaemic?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have undergone cervical cancer screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who have undergone cervical cancer screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have undergone breast cancer screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who have undergone breast cancer screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the highest percentage of currently married women who participate in household decisions?
Which state has the lowest percentage of currently married women who participate in household decisions?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who worked in the last 12 months and were paid in cash?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who worked in the last 12 months and were paid in cash?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who experienced sexual violence by age 18?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who experienced sexual violence by age 18?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who consume alcohol?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who consume alcohol?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who consume alcohol?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who consume alcohol?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with fever in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children with fever in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with ARI symptoms in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children with ARI symptoms in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received advice or treatment for fever/ARI?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received advice or treatment for fever/ARI?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received a Vitamin A dose in the last 6 months?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received a Vitamin A dose in the last 6 months?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received 3 doses of rotavirus vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received 3 doses of rotavirus vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received 3 doses of pentavalent vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received 3 doses of pentavalent vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received 3 doses of polio vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received 3 doses of polio vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received BCG vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received BCG vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received measles vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received measles vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received Hepatitis B vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received Hepatitis B vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of institutional births in public facilities?
Which state has the lowest percentage of institutional births in public facilities?
Which state has the highest percentage of home births conducted by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the lowest percentage of home births conducted by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the highest percentage of births attended by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the lowest percentage of births attended by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the highest average out-of-pocket expenditure per delivery in a public health facility?
Which state has the lowest average out-of-pocket expenditure per delivery in a public health facility?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who consumed iron folic acid for 100 days or more when pregnant?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who consumed iron folic acid for 100 days or more when pregnant?
Which state has the highest percentage of women whose last birth was protected against neonatal tetanus?
How many Muslims live in Kerala?
How many people speak Hindi in Uttar Pradesh?
How does the Christian population compare between rural and urban Goa?
Which three languages are spoken the most in Karnataka?
Which religion has the highest literacy rate in India?
How many women in Tamil Nadu speak Tamil?
How many Jains in Maharashtra are currently not working?
How many people in rural West Bengal speak Bengali?
Who has a larger Sikh population: Punjab or Haryana?
What is the literacy gap between Hindu men and women in India?
Which states have the largest populations? List them in order.
Which 5 states have the most people living in rural areas?
Which 5 states have the most people living in urban areas?
Which states have more women than men?
Which states show the biggest difference in gender balance between their villages and cities?
Which three age groups account for the most people in India?
Can you break down the population by age, state, and whether they live in a city or village?
Which state has the most young children (0-6) living in rural areas?
What percentage of each state's total population is female?
Which age group is the largest in the rural areas of each state?
Which states have more people living in cities than in villages?
Which states have a rural population that is larger than their urban population?
Which state has the highest number of men?
Which state has the highest number of women?
Which state has the largest gap between the number of men and women?
Which states have a lot of young people but very few elderly people?
Which states have a large elderly population?
Which states have the biggest urban populations?
Which states have the biggest rural populations?
Which states have the most equal ratio of men to women?
Which states have the smallest populations?
Which states are more rural than urban?
Which states are more urban than rural?
In which states do rural women outnumber rural men?
In which states do urban women outnumber urban men?
Which states have the largest population of children (0-6)?
Which states have the smallest population of elderly people?
Which states have twice as many people living in villages as in cities?
Which states have twice as many people living in cities as in villages?
Which states have the smallest difference between the number of men and women?
Which states have the fewest people living in rural areas?
Which states have the fewest people living in urban areas?
Which states have the most elderly people (60+)?
Which states have more elderly people than young children?
In which states do men outnumber women in urban areas?
In which states do women outnumber men in rural areas?
Which states have three times as many city dwellers as villagers?
Which states have three times as many villagers as city dwellers?
Which states have the largest workforce (people not children or elderly)?
Which states have roughly the same number of people in rural and urban areas?
List the states with the biggest rural populations.
List the states with the biggest urban populations.
Where is the gender gap the smallest?
Which states have the most women?
Which states have the most men?
Which states have the highest percentage of children?
Which states have the highest percentage of elderly people?
In which states does the rural population exceed the urban population?
In which states does the urban population exceed the rural population?
Which states have a rural/urban population split that is almost equal (less than 10% difference)?
Rank the states by total population.
Which states have the smallest rural populations?
Which states have the smallest urban populations?
Which states have at least 20% more women than men?
Which states have at least 20% more men than women?
Which states have the most teenagers?
Which states have the fewest young children?
Which states have the largest working-age populations?
Which states have the smallest working-age populations?
Which states have nearly identical rural and urban population counts (within 5%)?
Where do the most villagers live?
Where do the most city dwellers live?
Which states have a rural population that is double the urban one?
Which states have an urban population that is double the rural one?
Which states have the lowest overall population?
Which states have the fewest women?
Which states have the fewest men?
Which states have the most children?
Which states have the fewest teenagers?
Which states have the largest number of elderly people?
Which states have the most women living in rural areas?
Which states have the most men living in rural areas?
Which states have the most women living in urban areas?
Which states have the most men living in urban areas?
Which states have the fewest elderly people?
Which states have the fewest children?
Which states have the most adults (15-59)?
Which states have the fewest adults (15-59)?
Which states have a similar number of young children and elderly people?
Which states have the biggest difference between their child and elderly populations?
Which state is home to the most Muslims?
Which state is home to the most Christians?
Which state is home to the most Sikhs?
Which state is home to the most Buddhists?
Which state is home to the most Jains?
Where are the most Marathi speakers found?
Where are the most Telugu speakers found?
Where are the most Urdu speakers found?
Where are the most Malayalam speakers found?
Where are the most Punjabi speakers found?
How many people speak Gujarati in Gujarat?
Which state has the largest number of Odia speakers?
How many people in Assam speak Assamese?
Count the number of Kannada speakers in rural areas of Karnataka.
Which state has the most people speaking Konkani?
How many women are literate among the Muslim population in India?
Which state has the highest number of literate Hindu women?
How many Christians in Kerala are currently working?
Find the total number of illiterate Jains in Rajasthan.
Which religion has the lowest female literacy rate in Uttar Pradesh?
How many Sikh men live in rural Punjab?
Which state has the highest number of Buddhists living in cities?
How many people speak Maithili in Bihar?
Which state has the most Santali speakers?
How many people list English as their language in Maharashtra?
What is the total number of Kashmiri speakers in Jammu & Kashmir?
How many Nepali speakers live in Sikkim?
Which state has the largest Sindhi-speaking population?
How many Dogri speakers are there in India?
In which state is the gender gap in literacy the highest for Muslims?
Which state has the highest percentage of working women among Christians?
How many Buddhist children (0-6) are there in Maharashtra?
Which state has the largest population of illiterate men?
Which state has the largest population of illiterate women?
How many Hindus live in the urban areas of West Bengal?
How many Muslims live in the rural areas of Bihar?
Which state has the most Jain men?
Which state has the most Sikh women?
How many people speak Sanskrit in India?
Which state has the highest number of Tulu speakers?
Compare the number of Hindi speakers in rural vs urban Madhya Pradesh.
Which religious group has the highest workforce participation in India?
How many women are non-workers among the Sikh population in Punjab?
Which state has the highest number of literate Buddhist men?
How many people speak Bodo in Assam?
Which state has the most Manipuri speakers?
How many people speak Mizo in Mizoram?
Which state has the largest population of Khasi speakers?
How many Garo speakers live in Meghalaya?
Which state has the most Bhili/Bhilodi speakers?
How many Gondi speakers are there in Chhattisgarh?
Which state has the highest number of Kurukh/Oraon speakers?
How many people speak Mundari in Jharkhand?
Which state has the most Ho speakers?
How many Khandeshi speakers are there in Maharashtra?
Which religious community has the most people living in rural India?
Which religious community is the most urbanized in India?
How many Jain women are literate in Gujarat?
Which state has the highest number of Christian men?
How many Muslim men are illiterate in Bihar?
What is the overall literacy rate in Maharashtra?
Calculate the literacy rate for Uttar Pradesh.
Compare the average literacy rate between urban and rural areas across India.
Which state has the highest overall literacy rate?
Which state has the lowest overall literacy rate?
Is the literacy rate higher for women or men in Kerala?
What is the literacy rate for women in Tamil Nadu?
What is the literacy rate for men in Bihar?
What is the literacy rate in rural Rajasthan?
Which state has the highest urban literacy rate?
What is the total illiterate population in India?
Which state has the highest number of illiterate people?
Which state has the highest number of literate people?
What is the worker population ratio in Maharashtra?
What is the worker population ratio in Kerala?
Which state has the highest worker population ratio?
Which state has the lowest worker population ratio?
How many main workers are there in Uttar Pradesh?
How many marginal workers are there in Bihar?
What is the total number of main workers in India?
What is the total number of non-workers in India?
Is the worker population ratio higher in urban or rural areas?
What is the literacy rate in Karnataka?
What is the literacy rate in Gujarat?
Which state has the largest gap between male and female literacy rates?
What is the literacy rate in rural Odisha?
What is the literacy rate in urban Delhi?
What is the literacy rate in Madhya Pradesh?
What is the worker population ratio in Tamil Nadu?
What is the worker population ratio in Gujarat?
Which state has the highest count of main workers?
Which state has the highest count of marginal workers?
Which state has the highest count of non-workers?
What is the female worker population ratio in Maharashtra?
What is the male worker population ratio in Uttar Pradesh?
What is the literacy rate in Andhra Pradesh?
What is the literacy rate in Telangana?
Which state has the highest male literacy rate?
Which state has the highest female literacy rate?
What is the worker population ratio in Karnataka?
What is the worker population ratio in Andhra Pradesh?
How many people are working (main + marginal) in India?
What is the total number of non-working people in India?
What is the total number of marginal workers in Maharashtra?
What is the total number of main workers in Tamil Nadu?
What is the literacy rate in Punjab?
What is the literacy rate in Haryana?
Which state has the highest urban female literacy rate?
Which state has the highest rural male literacy rate?
What is the worker population ratio in Rajasthan?
What is the worker population ratio in West Bengal?
Which state has the highest number of female workers?
Which state has the highest number of male workers?
What is the worker population ratio in rural India?
What is the worker population ratio in urban India?
Which state has the highest literacy among women?
Which state has the lowest literacy among women?
Which state has the highest literacy among men?
Which state has the lowest literacy among men?
What is the total number of literate males in India?
What is the total number of literate females in India?
Which state has the highest number of main workers in rural areas?
Which state has the highest number of marginal workers in urban areas?
What is the percentage of main workers in the total workforce?
What is the percentage of marginal workers in the total workforce?
How many women are working as main or marginal workers in urban areas?
How many men are working as main or marginal workers in rural areas?
Which state has the highest number of non-workers in rural areas?
Which state has the highest number of non-workers in urban areas?
Which state has the best female-to-male literacy ratio?
Which state has the worst female-to-male literacy ratio?
What is the literacy rate gap between urban and rural India?
Which state has the largest urban population of non-workers?
Which state has the largest rural population of main workers?
What is the total number of illiterate women in India?
What is the total number of illiterate men in India?
Which state has the highest number of female non-workers?
Which state has the highest number of male non-workers?
What is the average number of main workers per state?
What is the average number of marginal workers per state?
Which state has the highest proportion of marginal workers to total workers?
Which state has the lowest proportion of non-workers?
What is the total population of workers (main + marginal) in rural Bihar?
What is the total population of workers (main + marginal) in urban Karnataka?
Which state has the highest number of literate people in rural areas?
Which state has the lowest number of literate people in urban areas?
What is the ratio of main workers to non-workers in India?
Which state has the highest count of main workers among women?
Which state has the highest count of marginal workers among men?
What is the total number of illiterate people in Uttar Pradesh?
What is the total number of literate people in Kerala?
Which state has the highest number of people working in household industries (Main)?
Which state has the highest number of agricultural labourers (Main)?
Which state has the highest number of cultivators (Main)?
Which state has the highest number of other workers (Main)?
How many people in India are engaged in household industries (Marginal)?
How many people in India are engaged as agricultural labourers (Marginal)?
How many people in India are engaged as cultivators (Marginal)?
What is the total number of female cultivators in India?
What is the total number of male agricultural labourers in India?
Which state has the highest number of female main workers?
Which state has the highest number of male marginal workers?
What is the literacy rate in the state with the highest population?
What is the worker population ratio in the state with the lowest population?
How many women in India are non-workers?
How many men in India are non-workers?
Which state has the highest number of literate women in rural areas?
Which state has the highest number of literate men in urban areas?
What is the total number of main workers in the southern states (Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana)?
What is the total number of marginal workers in the northern states (Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan)?
Which state has the highest number of female cultivators (Main)?
Which state has the highest number of male household industry workers (Main)?
What is the total number of marginal workers in rural India?
What is the total number of main workers in urban India?
Which state has the highest percentage of female workers (Main + Marginal)?
Which state has the lowest percentage of female workers (Main + Marginal)?
What is the literacy rate of the total workforce in India?
Which state has the highest number of illiterate workers (Main + Marginal)?
What is the total number of other workers (Main) in India?
What is the total number of other workers (Marginal) in India?
Which state has the highest number of marginal agricultural labourers?
Which state has the highest number of marginal household industry workers?
What is the ratio of cultivators to agricultural labourers in India?
Which state has the highest ratio of main workers to marginal workers?
Which state has the lowest ratio of main workers to marginal workers?
What is the total number of female marginal workers in rural areas?
What is the total number of male main workers in urban areas?
Which state has the highest number of female non-workers in urban areas?
Which state has the highest number of male non-workers in rural areas?
What is the total number of workers (Main + Marginal) in North East India?
Which state has the highest literacy rate among rural females?
Which state has the lowest literacy rate among urban males?
What is the difference in worker population ratio between males and females in India?
Which state has the highest number of marginal workers working less than 3 months?
Which state has the highest number of marginal workers working 3-6 months?
What is the total number of household industry workers (Main + Marginal) in India?
What is the total number of cultivators (Main + Marginal) in India?
What is the total number of agricultural labourers (Main + Marginal) in India?
Which state has the highest proportion of agricultural labourers to total workers?
Which state has the highest proportion of household industry workers to total workers?
What is the total number of illiterate females in rural India?
What is the total number of literate males in urban India?
Which state has the highest number of female main workers in rural areas?
Which state has the highest number of male marginal workers in urban areas?
What is the total number of non-workers in the state with the highest literacy rate?
What is the total number of workers in the state with the lowest literacy rate?
Which state has the highest number of scheduled caste literates?
Which state has the highest number of scheduled tribe literates?
What is the literacy rate among scheduled castes in India?
What is the literacy rate among scheduled tribes in India?
How many Muslims live in Kerala?
Count the number of Hindi speakers in Uttar Pradesh.
How many Christians live in rural areas compared to urban areas in Goa?
What are the top 3 most spoken languages in Karnataka?
Which religious group has the highest literacy rate across India?
How many women list Tamil as their main language in Tamil Nadu?
Find the total number of Jains in Maharashtra who aren't working.
How many villagers in West Bengal speak Bengali?
Which state has a larger Sikh population: Punjab or Haryana?
What is the difference between male and female literacy numbers for Hindus in India?
How many people speak Marathi in Maharashtra?
What is the total Buddhist population in Sikkim?
Are there more Hindi speakers in Madhya Pradesh or Rajasthan?
How many Jains live in the cities of Gujarat?
What is the literacy rate of Christians in Kerala?
Compare the number of male and female Urdu speakers in Telangana.
How many Sikhs in Punjab are currently working?
Which 3 states have the highest number of English speakers?
How many Buddhists live in the villages of Maharashtra?
What is the second most spoken language in Tamil Nadu?
Are there more men or women among the Muslim population in Uttar Pradesh?
How many people speak Telugu in Karnataka?
What is the total Hindu population in Assam?
What is the gap between literate men and women for Buddhists in Maharashtra?
How many people speak Gujarati in urban areas of Gujarat?
How many Sikhs live in Goa?
How many Muslims in Bihar are not working?
How many Malayalam speakers live in Delhi?
Do more people speak Kannada or Telugu in Karnataka?
Which state has the highest population of Christians?
Which state has the highest number of Urdu speakers?
How many Jains live in the rural areas of Rajasthan?
What is the literacy rate of Muslim women in Uttar Pradesh?
How many people speak Bengali in Tripura?
Are there more Christians in Nagaland or Mizoram?
How many men speak English in Maharashtra?
What is the total Sikh population in Delhi?
Find the number of illiterate Hindus in Bihar.
How many people speak Kannada in the cities of Karnataka?
Which 3 states have the largest Buddhist populations?
How many women speak Malayalam in Kerala?
What is the work participation rate for Jains in Gujarat?
How many people speak Punjabi in Haryana?
Count the number of Muslims in West Bengal's villages.
Which language is spoken more in Andhra Pradesh: Telugu or Urdu?
How many Christian men live in Tamil Nadu?
What is the total population of Parsis (Zoroastrians) in Maharashtra?
How many Hindi speakers live in the rural parts of Madhya Pradesh?
Which state has the lowest literacy rate for Buddhists?
How many people speak Odia in Jharkhand?
What is the sex ratio of Sikhs in Punjab?
How many Jains are working in Madhya Pradesh?
Are there more female Hindi speakers in Bihar or Uttar Pradesh?
How many people speak Konkani in Goa?
What is the total Muslim population in Jammu & Kashmir?
How many literate Christian women are there in Meghalaya?
Which 5 states have the most Marathi speakers?
How many people speak Tamil in the urban areas of Delhi?
Count the number of Buddhist men in Maharashtra.
What is the difference in literacy rates between Jain men and women in Rajasthan?
How many people speak Assamese in Assam?
Which religion has the highest percentage of non-workers in Kerala?
How many Urdu speakers live in Karnataka?
What is the total Hindu population in the cities of West Bengal?
How many people speak Gujarati in Daman & Diu?
Are there more Sikhs in Rajasthan or Himachal Pradesh?
How many women speak Telugu in Telangana?
What is the literacy rate of the total population in Mizoram?
How many people speak Sindhi in Gujarat?
Which state has the highest number of Sanskrit speakers?
How many people speak Nepali in Sikkim?
What is the total Christian population in Meghalaya?
Are there more Buddhist men or women in Arunachal Pradesh?
How many people speak Dogri in Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the literacy rate of Jains in Madhya Pradesh?
How many Urdu speakers live in the cities of Andhra Pradesh?
Which state has the highest number of Maithili speakers?
How many Sikhs live in the villages of Haryana?
What is the sex ratio of Muslims in Kerala?
How many people speak Konkani in Karnataka?
What is the total number of Jain women in Maharashtra?
Which state has more English speakers: Tamil Nadu or Karnataka?
How many people speak Manipuri in Manipur?
What is the literacy gap between Hindu men and women in Rajasthan?
How many Buddhists live in Himachal Pradesh?
How many people speak Bodo in Assam?
Are there more Sikh men in Punjab or Haryana?
How many people speak Santhali in Jharkhand?
What is the total Muslim population in Lakshadweep?
How many women speak Gujarati in Maharashtra?
Which state has the highest percentage of literate Jains?
How many people speak Kashmiri in Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the workforce participation rate of Christians in Goa?
How many people speak Sindhi in Maharashtra?
Are there more rural or urban Hindu speakers in Uttar Pradesh?
How many people speak Tulu in Karnataka?
What is the total population of Buddhists in West Bengal?
How many illiterate Muslim women are there in Bihar?
Which state has the largest population of Zoroastrians (Parsis)?
How many people speak Khasi in Meghalaya?
What is the sex ratio of Jains in Gujarat?
How many people speak Garo in Meghalaya?
Are there more Christians in Kerala or Tamil Nadu?
How many people speak Mizo in Mizoram?
What is the literacy rate of Sikhs in Delhi?
How many people speak Kokborok in Tripura?
Which 3 states have the highest number of Urdu speakers?
How many Muslim men are working in Uttar Pradesh?
How many people speak Punjabi in Rajasthan?
What is the total Jain population in Karnataka?
How many people speak English in Nagaland?
Are there more Buddhist women in Maharashtra or Sikkim?
How many people speak Malayalam in Karnataka?
What is the literacy gap for Muslims in West Bengal?
How many people speak Bhili/Bhilodi in Rajasthan?
Which state has the highest number of Christian workers?
How many people speak Gondi in Madhya Pradesh?
What is the total Sikh population in Uttarakhand?
How many people speak Kurukh/Oraon in Jharkhand?
Are there more urban or rural Jain speakers in Gujarat?
How many people speak Mundari in Odisha?
What is the sex ratio of Buddhists in Maharashtra?
How many people speak Ho in Jharkhand?
Which state has the lowest literacy rate for Muslims?
How many people speak Kui in Odisha?
What is the total Christian population in Andaman & Nicobar Islands?
How many people speak Khandeshi in Maharashtra?
Are there more Hindu men or women in Tamil Nadu?
How many people speak Malto in Jharkhand?
What is the workforce participation rate of Sikhs in Punjab?
How many people speak Kinnauri in Himachal Pradesh?
Which state has the highest number of Jain non-workers?
How many people speak Lushai/Mizo in Mizoram?
What is the literacy rate of Buddhists in Karnataka?
How many people speak Halabi in Chhattisgarh?
Are there more Christian women in Goa or Kerala?
How many people speak Korku in Madhya Pradesh?
What is the total Muslim population in Assam?
How many people speak Nishi in Arunachal Pradesh?
Which 3 states have the highest number of English speaking women?
How many people speak Ao in Nagaland?
What is the literacy gap between Sikh men and women in Punjab?
How many people speak Sema in Nagaland?
Are there more Jains in Maharashtra or Madhya Pradesh?
How many people speak Angami in Nagaland?
What is the total Buddhist population in Ladakh?
How many people speak Lotha in Nagaland?
Which religion has the highest number of workers in Mumbai (Maharashtra)?
How many people speak Thado in Manipur?
What is the sex ratio of Christians in Meghalaya?