How many people speak Sanskrit in total Goa?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of stunted children under 5?
How many people speak Malayalam in rural Uttarakhand?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in total Mizoram?
How many marginal cultivators are there in total Madhya Pradesh?
How many people speak Kannada in rural Andhra Pradesh?
How many people speak Gujarati in total Lakshadweep?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in urban Arunachal Pradesh?
How many household industry workers are there in rural Bihar?
How many marginal cultivators are there in total Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total Rajasthan?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Jute?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in rural Madhya Pradesh?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in urban Bihar?
Which state have the lowest percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months)?
Is the percentage of women with high blood sugar higher in Urban or Rural Andhra Pradesh?
How many people speak Urdu in rural Puducherry?
Is the percentage of men with high blood sugar higher in Urban or Rural Chhattisgarh?
Which state have the highest percentage of households with electricity?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in total Punjab?
Which state have the lowest percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in urban Andaman & Nicobar Islands?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in rural Haryana?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in rural Tripura?
How many people speak Odia in rural Lakshadweep?
What is the total Jain population in urban Kerala?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of wasted children under 5?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total Gujarat?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Maize?
What is the total Muslim population in urban Kerala?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in urban Chandigarh?
What is the total Hindu population in rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
How many people speak Kannada in rural Maharashtra?
How many non-workers are there in rural Lakshadweep?
How many household industry workers are there in rural Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in urban Arunachal Pradesh?
Which state have the highest percentage of institutional births?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in urban Odisha?
How many people speak Odia in rural Uttarakhand?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in total Chandigarh?
How many people speak Gujarati in urban Tripura?
Is the percentage of wasted children under 5 higher in Urban or Rural Himachal Pradesh?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of children breastfed within one hour?
What is the percentage of women with high blood sugar in total Tripura?
Is the percentage of women with mobile phones higher in Urban or Rural Assam?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in urban Chhattisgarh?
What is the total Christian population in total Andaman & Nicobar Islands?
What is the percentage of women with mobile phones in urban West Bengal?
How many people speak Odia in total Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in rural Chandigarh?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Arunachal Pradesh?
How many people speak Hindi in total Andhra Pradesh?
What is the percentage of women with mobile phones in urban Uttar Pradesh?
Which top 5 have the highest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
What is the total Christian population in total Meghalaya?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in total NCT of Delhi?
What is the percentage of women with high blood sugar in rural Puducherry?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in urban Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
What is the percentage of underweight children under 5 in urban Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the percentage of institutional births in rural Madhya Pradesh?
Is the percentage of underweight children under 5 higher in Urban or Rural Odisha?
What is the percentage of institutional births in rural Punjab?
Is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour higher in Urban or Rural Puducherry?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Pulses?
How many non-workers are there in urban Madhya Pradesh?
What is the percentage of stunted children under 5 in rural Goa?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in rural Puducherry?
What is the percentage of stunted children under 5 in urban Karnataka?
Is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) higher in Urban or Rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
How many people speak Telugu in rural Uttarakhand?
What is the percentage of institutional births in rural Kerala?
Which state have the highest percentage of children breastfed within one hour?
What is the total Sikh population in rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
What is the total Muslim population in rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
What is the percentage of stunted children under 5 in urban Meghalaya?
How many marginal cultivators are there in rural Punjab?
How many people speak Marathi in total Punjab?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in rural Uttar Pradesh?
How many household industry workers are there in total Goa?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of anaemic children?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in rural Maharashtra?
Is the percentage of households using clean fuel higher in Urban or Rural Jammu & Kashmir?
Is the percentage of women who are literate higher in Urban or Rural Tamil Nadu?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Sugarcane?
What is the total Christian population in urban Andhra Pradesh?
Is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour higher in Urban or Rural Andhra Pradesh?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Oilseeds?
How many people speak Odia in urban Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in urban Puducherry?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total Daman & Diu?
What is the total Jain population in total Bihar?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Puducherry?
How many non-workers are there in total Rajasthan?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Rice?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Manipur?
Is the percentage of households with electricity higher in Urban or Rural Odisha?
What is the total Sikh population in rural Tripura?
How many people speak Telugu in total Jharkhand?
What is the total Hindu population in rural Lakshadweep?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in total Punjab?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in total Mizoram?
What is the total Sikh population in total Goa?
Which state have the highest percentage of wasted children under 5?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Sugarcane?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in rural Lakshadweep?
How many household industry workers are there in total Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of underweight children under 5?
How many people speak Urdu in rural Karnataka?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in urban Goa?
What is the total Hindu population in rural Punjab?
Is the percentage of households with electricity higher in Urban or Rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
How many non-workers are there in urban Gujarat?
What is the total Christian population in urban Chhattisgarh?
How many people speak Assamese in urban Mizoram?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in total Kerala?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in total Kerala?
What is the Area Sown 2024 25 for Sugarcane?
How many non-workers are there in urban Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the total Buddhist population in urban Odisha?
How many people speak Assamese in rural Assam?
How many people speak Kannada in urban Kerala?
Which top 3 have the highest percentage of children breastfed within one hour?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Coarse Cereals?
What is the total Jain population in urban Tripura?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in total Chhattisgarh?
What is the percentage of underweight children under 5 in urban Bihar?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in urban Uttar Pradesh?
Is the percentage of women with mobile phones higher in Urban or Rural Meghalaya?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Foodgrains?
What is the total Christian population in rural Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in rural Punjab?
What is the percentage of institutional births in rural Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of institutional births in rural Gujarat?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in rural Andaman & Nicobar Islands?
What is the total Hindu population in rural Gujarat?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of women with mobile phones?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of women with mobile phones?
What is the total Buddhist population in urban Gujarat?
How many people speak Kannada in total Madhya Pradesh?
How many non-workers are there in urban West Bengal?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in rural Daman & Diu?
How many non-workers are there in rural Assam?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in total Haryana?
Which state have the lowest percentage of women who are literate?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in rural Maharashtra?
How many people speak Malayalam in rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in rural Chhattisgarh?
What is the percentage of underweight children under 5 in rural NCT of Delhi?
How many people speak Assamese in rural NCT of Delhi?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in urban Lakshadweep?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Coarse Cereals?
How many people speak Telugu in urban Sikkim?
What is the percentage of underweight children under 5 in total Gujarat?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in rural West Bengal?
What is the percentage of women with mobile phones in urban Maharashtra?
What is the percentage of stunted children under 5 in rural Manipur?
Which state have the lowest percentage of wasted children under 5?
What is the total Christian population in urban Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in rural Mizoram?
What is the total Buddhist population in urban NCT of Delhi?
How many household industry workers are there in rural Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
How many people speak Bengali in urban Gujarat?
What is the total Jain population in total Chandigarh?
How many marginal cultivators are there in total NCT of Delhi?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in urban NCT of Delhi?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in rural Chhattisgarh?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in rural Puducherry?
What is the total Sikh population in rural Chhattisgarh?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in total Uttarakhand?
How many household industry workers are there in rural Chandigarh?
Which top 3 have the highest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
How many people speak Urdu in rural NCT of Delhi?
How many people speak Maithili in rural Himachal Pradesh?
How many non-workers are there in total Uttar Pradesh?
What is the total Buddhist population in urban Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
What is the total Sikh population in total Nagaland?
Is the percentage of wasted children under 5 higher in Urban or Rural Odisha?
How many marginal cultivators are there in total Manipur?
What is the total Hindu population in total Madhya Pradesh?
How many marginal cultivators are there in urban Tripura?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in rural West Bengal?
How many people speak Odia in urban Andaman & Nicobar Islands?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in total Maharashtra?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in total Jharkhand?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in total Chhattisgarh?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in total Himachal Pradesh?
How many people speak Assamese in total Sikkim?
Is the percentage of stunted children under 5 higher in Urban or Rural Mizoram?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in total Andhra Pradesh?
What is the percentage of women with mobile phones in urban Uttarakhand?
How many people speak Sanskrit in total Chandigarh?
What is the total Christian population in total Gujarat?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in total Rajasthan?
How many people speak Punjabi in rural Karnataka?
What is the total Muslim population in rural Haryana?
How many people speak English in urban Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the total Hindu population in urban Nagaland?
How many household industry workers are there in rural Kerala?
Which state have the highest percentage of women who are literate?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in urban Tamil Nadu?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in total Jharkhand?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
Which top 5 have the highest percentage of anaemic children?
What is the Area Sown 2024 25 for Wheat?
What is the percentage of women who are literate in rural Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in urban Madhya Pradesh?
What is the percentage of women with high blood sugar in urban Lakshadweep?
What is the total Buddhist population in total Manipur?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of households with electricity?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Bihar?
How many people speak English in rural Manipur?
What is the total Buddhist population in total Gujarat?
What is the percentage of women with high blood sugar in total Assam?
How many people speak Sanskrit in rural Sikkim?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in urban Punjab?
How many people speak Bengali in total West Bengal?
How many household industry workers are there in urban Tamil Nadu?
How many non-workers are there in rural Maharashtra?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in rural NCT of Delhi?
How many people speak Kannada in rural Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the total Jain population in total Tripura?
What is the percentage of women with mobile phones in rural Nagaland?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total Mizoram?
What is the Area Sown 2024 25 for Coarse Cereals?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total NCT of Delhi?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in urban Uttarakhand?
How many people speak Telugu in rural West Bengal?
What is the total Christian population in rural Tripura?
Is the percentage of institutional births higher in Urban or Rural Nagaland?
Which state have the lowest percentage of institutional births?
How many people speak Urdu in rural Uttarakhand?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Maize?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in urban Andhra Pradesh?
How many non-workers are there in total Chhattisgarh?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in rural Uttarakhand?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Wheat?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months)?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in total Maharashtra?
How many people speak Maithili in total Lakshadweep?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in rural Assam?
How many marginal cultivators are there in urban Dadra & Nagar Haveli?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in urban Sikkim?
How many marginal cultivators are there in urban Himachal Pradesh?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in rural Mizoram?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of wasted children under 5?
How many household industry workers are there in rural Uttarakhand?
What is the percentage of households with electricity in urban Lakshadweep?
What is the total Christian population in rural Haryana?
Is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits higher in Urban or Rural Punjab?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in total Jharkhand?
What is the total Hindu population in urban Tripura?
How many people speak English in total Lakshadweep?
What is the total Sikh population in total Rajasthan?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in total Chhattisgarh?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in rural Puducherry?
Is the percentage of men with high blood sugar higher in Urban or Rural Andhra Pradesh?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Nutri Cereals?
How many people speak Punjabi in total Nagaland?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Goa?
What is the total Jain population in urban Bihar?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits?
How many people speak Odia in urban Chandigarh?
What is the total Buddhist population in rural Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the percentage of women with mobile phones in rural Manipur?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of households with electricity?
Is the percentage of underweight children under 5 higher in Urban or Rural Chandigarh?
What is the percentage of underweight children under 5 in total Puducherry?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of women who are literate?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Rice?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Pulses?
What is the percentage of men with high blood sugar in urban Uttarakhand?
How many people speak Punjabi in rural Goa?
What is the percentage of underweight children under 5 in total Chandigarh?
How many marginal cultivators are there in total Maharashtra?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months)?
How many marginal cultivators are there in total Punjab?
How many non-workers are there in total Puducherry?
Which top 3 have the highest percentage of wasted children under 5?
Which state have the highest percentage of stunted children under 5?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total Uttar Pradesh?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in rural Meghalaya?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in urban Uttarakhand?
Is the percentage of men with high blood sugar higher in Urban or Rural Assam?
Which state have the highest percentage of anaemic children?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in urban Puducherry?
Is the percentage of men with high blood sugar higher in Urban or Rural Jharkhand?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of underweight children under 5?
How many people speak Telugu in urban Maharashtra?
Which state have the lowest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
How many people speak Telugu in total Puducherry?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in urban Mizoram?
What is the percentage of institutional births in total Chandigarh?
What is the total Christian population in urban Tamil Nadu?
What is the Area Sown 2024 25 for Rice?
How many people speak Malayalam in urban Himachal Pradesh?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in urban Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in urban Goa?
What is the total Christian population in urban Jharkhand?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in rural Madhya Pradesh?
Which top 5 have the highest percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits?
Which top 5 have the lowest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
How many household industry workers are there in urban Jharkhand?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in urban Assam?
What is the total Sikh population in total Daman & Diu?
What is the total Muslim population in rural Daman & Diu?
Which state have the highest percentage of underweight children under 5?
What is the total Buddhist population in urban Maharashtra?
What is the total Muslim population in rural Uttar Pradesh?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in rural Goa?
What is the total Christian population in total Nagaland?
What is the total Christian population in rural Kerala?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in rural Madhya Pradesh?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in total Rajasthan?
What is the Area Sown 2024 25 for Foodgrains?
What is the total Muslim population in total Chhattisgarh?
How many people speak Gujarati in total Uttarakhand?
How many people speak Kannada in rural Chandigarh?
How many people speak Assamese in total West Bengal?
Which top 3 have the highest percentage of underweight children under 5?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in urban Gujarat?
How many people speak Maithili in rural Haryana?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in rural Arunachal Pradesh?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Jute?
Which state have the highest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
How many people speak Sanskrit in urban Daman & Diu?
What is the percentage of institutional births in urban Jammu & Kashmir?
What is the total Sikh population in urban Assam?
What is the Normal Area Dafw for Oilseeds?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in urban Jharkhand?
Which top 3 have the lowest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in urban Uttar Pradesh?
What is the percentage of children breastfed within one hour in total Puducherry?
What is the percentage of wasted children under 5 in total Odisha?
What is the percentage of women with high blood sugar in urban West Bengal?
What is the percentage of mothers with at least 4 antenatal visits in total Karnataka?
What is the percentage of anaemic children in urban NCT of Delhi?
Which top 3 have the highest percentage of women with mobile phones?
How many people speak Bengali in rural Jharkhand?
How many main agricultural labourers are there in rural Arunachal Pradesh?
How many people speak Telugu in rural Puducherry?
What is the Area Sown 2024 25 for Jute?
How many people speak English in total Odisha?
What is the total Muslim population in total Nagaland?
Which top 5 have the highest percentage of institutional births?
Is the percentage of households with electricity higher in Urban or Rural Haryana?
What is the percentage of households using clean fuel in total Chhattisgarh?
What is the percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months) in total Rajasthan?
What is the Area Sown 2025 26 for Foodgrains?
