Which state has the highest percentage of fully vaccinated children (12-23 months)?
Which state has the lowest percentage of fully vaccinated children?
Which state has the highest prevalence of stunting in children under 5?
Which state has the lowest prevalence of wasting in children under 5?
Which state has the highest percentage of underweight children?
Which states have a higher percentage of underweight children than stunted children?
Which state has the highest percentage of institutional births?
Which states have institutional birth rates below 50%?
What is the average rate of institutional births in rural India?
Which state has the highest percentage of mothers who received at least 4 antenatal care visits?
Which states have antenatal care coverage below 30%?
Which state has the highest percentage of children breastfed within one hour of birth?
Is obesity more common in urban or rural India?
Which state has the largest gap in obesity rates between men and women?
Which states have more women with high blood sugar than men?
Which state has the highest percentage of women using hygienic methods during menstruation?
Which states have less than 50% of women using hygienic menstrual methods?
Which state has the highest percentage of households using clean fuel for cooking?
Which states have poor access to clean cooking fuel (below 20%)?
Which state has the highest percentage of households with electricity?
Which states have less than 80% electricity coverage?
Which state has the highest percentage of households with improved sanitation?
Which state has the lowest access to improved drinking water?
Which state has the highest female literacy rate?
What is the literacy gap between men and women in rural India?
Which state has the highest percentage of women married before age 18?
Which states have child marriage rates above 20%?
Which state has the highest percentage of men married before age 21?
Which state has the highest total fertility rate?
Which states have a fertility rate below 2.0?
Which state has the highest adolescent fertility rate (15-19 years)?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have ever used the internet?
Which state has the biggest digital divide between men and women regarding internet usage?
Which state has the highest percentage of women owning a house or land?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with a bank account?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with a mobile phone?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have experienced domestic violence?
Which state has the highest tobacco use among men?
Which state has the highest tobacco use among women?
Which state has the highest alcohol consumption among men?
Which states have alcohol consumption among men above 30%?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with diarrhoea in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with fever or ARI symptoms?
Which state has the highest percentage of children receiving an adequate diet?
Which state has the highest percentage of registered pregnancies receiving a Mother and Child Protection Card?
Which state has the highest percentage of C-section deliveries in private facilities?
Which state has the highest percentage of C-section deliveries in public facilities?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with comprehensive HIV knowledge?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with comprehensive HIV knowledge?
Which state has the highest percentage of households with health insurance?
Which state has the highest female anaemia percentage?
Which state has the lowest male anaemia percentage?
What is the average vaccination rate across all states?
Which states have vaccination rates below 70%?
Which state has the highest obesity rate?
Which state has the lowest obesity rate?
Which states have diabetes rates above 10%?
What is the average diabetes rate in urban areas?
What is the average diabetes rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest hypertension rate?
What is the average hypertension rate across all states?
Which states have hypertension rates above the national average?
What is the average female anaemia rate in rural areas?
What is the average female anaemia rate in urban areas?
Which states have male anaemia rates higher than female anaemia rates?
Which state has the biggest gap between female and male anaemia?
Which states have obesity rates above diabetes rates?
Which state has the lowest vaccination rate?
Which states have vaccination rates above 90%?
Which states have higher hypertension rates in rural areas than urban areas?
Which state has the highest combined anaemia burden?
Which states have obesity rates below 5%?
What is the average obesity rate in urban areas?
What is the average obesity rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest vaccination rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest vaccination rate in urban areas?
Which states have female anaemia rates above 50%?
Which states have male anaemia rates below 20%?
How many children in rural Bihar are fully vaccinated?
Which state has the highest number of people suffering from high blood pressure?
How many people in rural Uttar Pradesh have high blood pressure?
How many women in Kerala are anaemic?
How many children in urban Maharashtra are fully vaccinated?
How many people in urban Rajasthan are obese?
How many children in rural Odisha have not received any vaccines?
How many people in Punjab suffer from diabetes?
How many children in Bihar are underweight?
How many people live with diabetes in Kerala?
Is high blood pressure more common in cities or villages in Tamil Nadu?
How many women are anaemic in Maharashtra?
Which states have the most underweight children?
Which state has the highest percentage of literate women?
Which state has the lowest percentage of literate men?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with 10 or more years of schooling?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with 10 or more years of schooling?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with 10 or more years of schooling?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with 10 or more years of schooling?
What is the average female literacy rate in urban areas?
What is the average male literacy rate in rural areas?
Which state has the highest percentage of children attending pre-primary school?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children attending pre-primary school?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who use the internet?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who use the internet?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who use the internet?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who use the internet?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with a birth certificate?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children with a birth certificate?
Which state has the highest percentage of deaths registered with civil authority?
Which state has the lowest percentage of deaths registered with civil authority?
Which state has the highest percentage of women using iodized salt?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women using iodized salt?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who are overweight or obese?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with high risk waist-to-hip ratio?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who are anaemic (all women)?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who are anaemic (all women)?
Which state has the highest percentage of pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the lowest percentage of pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the highest percentage of non-pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the lowest percentage of non-pregnant women who are anaemic?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who are anaemic?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who are anaemic?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with very high blood sugar?
Which state has the highest percentage of women with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the highest percentage of men with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men with elevated blood pressure?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have undergone cervical cancer screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who have undergone cervical cancer screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have undergone breast cancer screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who have undergone breast cancer screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who have undergone oral cavity screening?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who know that condoms prevent HIV?
Which state has the highest percentage of currently married women who participate in household decisions?
Which state has the lowest percentage of currently married women who participate in household decisions?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who worked in the last 12 months and were paid in cash?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who worked in the last 12 months and were paid in cash?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who experienced sexual violence by age 18?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who experienced sexual violence by age 18?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who use any kind of tobacco?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who consume alcohol?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who consume alcohol?
Which state has the highest percentage of men who consume alcohol?
Which state has the lowest percentage of men who consume alcohol?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with fever in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children with fever in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the highest percentage of children with ARI symptoms in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children with ARI symptoms in the last 2 weeks?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received advice or treatment for fever/ARI?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received advice or treatment for fever/ARI?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received a Vitamin A dose in the last 6 months?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received a Vitamin A dose in the last 6 months?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received 3 doses of rotavirus vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received 3 doses of rotavirus vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received 3 doses of pentavalent vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received 3 doses of pentavalent vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received 3 doses of polio vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received 3 doses of polio vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received BCG vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received BCG vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received measles vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received measles vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received Hepatitis B vaccine?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received Hepatitis B vaccine?
Which state has the highest percentage of institutional births in public facilities?
Which state has the lowest percentage of institutional births in public facilities?
Which state has the highest percentage of home births conducted by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the lowest percentage of home births conducted by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the highest percentage of births attended by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the lowest percentage of births attended by skilled health personnel?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the highest percentage of children who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the lowest percentage of children who received postnatal care from a doctor/nurse/LHV/ANM/midwife?
Which state has the highest average out-of-pocket expenditure per delivery in a public health facility?
Which state has the lowest average out-of-pocket expenditure per delivery in a public health facility?
Which state has the highest percentage of women who consumed iron folic acid for 100 days or more when pregnant?
Which state has the lowest percentage of women who consumed iron folic acid for 100 days or more when pregnant?
Which state has the highest percentage of women whose last birth was protected against neonatal tetanus?